About Agile Methodology
Agile methodology is a practice that promotes continuous iteration of development and testing throughout the software development lifecycle of the project. It is one of the simplest yet effective software development method. Instead of making a big launch, we delivers work in small, but flexible. Requirements, plans, results, everything are always evaluated for responding a change.

This Agile process contrasts with the traditional waterfall approach to software development, where developers typically compile the needs and requirements of the users and then build the software all at once.

Agile Manifesto
The agile software development emphasizes on four core values:

Individual and team interactions over processes and tools
Working software over comprehensive documentation
Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
Responding to change over following a plan
There are also 12 principles of the agile software development:

1.Satisfying customers through early and continuous delivery of valuable work.
2.Breaking big work down into smaller tasks that can be completed quickly.
3.Recognizing that the best work emerges from self-organized teams.
4.Providing motivated individuals with the environment and support they need and trusting them to get the job done.
5.Creating processes that promote sustainable efforts.
6. Maintaining a constant pace for completed work.
7. Welcoming changing requirements, even late in a project.
8. Assembling the project team and business owners on a daily basis throughout the project.
9. Having the team reflect at regular intervals on how to become more effective, then tuning and adjusting behavior accordingly.
10. Measuring progress by the amount of completed work.
11. Continually seeking excellence.
12. Harnessing change for a competitive advantage.



About Scrum
Scrum is an agile development method which concentrates specifically on how to manage tasks within a team-based development environment. It consist of three roles:

Product Owner: creates product backlog, prioritizes the backlog and responsible for the delivery of the functionality at each iteration
Scrum Master: responsible for setting up the team, sprint meeting and removes obstacles to progress
Scrum Team: manages and organizes the work to complete the sprint or cycle
There are also scrum events that need to be done on every iteration, which takes around 2–4 weeks to complete:

Sprint Planning: occurs at the beginning of a sprint where the team determines the product backlog items they will work on during that sprint.
Daily Scrum: a 15-minute time-boxed event for the Development Team to synchronize activities and create a plan
Sprint Review: holds at the end of the Sprint to inspect the Increment and adapt the Product Backlog if needed.
Sprint Retrospective: providing an opportunity for the Scrum Team to inspect itself and create a plan for improvements to be enacted during the next Sprint.